Dear UH-IaaS user,

As you may know, we recently hit a constraint in our networking
infrastructure, which forced the deletion of demo instances in the OSL
region. This is an attempt to explain the situation and outline what
is being done to permanently fix the problem. In summary:

  * There is currently a hard limit on the number of instances that
    can be spun up in both BGO and OSL.

  * Since there are currently fewer instances running in BGO, we ask
    that new instances are provisioned there, if possible.

  * We ask that you delete any instances that you don't need, in order
    to free up resources for others.

This is temporary. The networking constraint exists in hardware, which
means that new hardware is needed to fix the problem permanently. The
timeframe for permanently fixing the issue is outlined below:

  * In region BGO, the relevant networking components will be replaced
    by the end of next week (UiB has the components in stock).

  * In region OSL, new networking equipment has been ordered from the
    vendor, and is expected to arrive within two weeks. We then expect
    to replace the components shortly thereafter.

We apologize for any inconvenience you have experienced as a result of
these networking problems, and we wanted to let you know that these
problems are being worked on and will be fixed as soon as possible.

Have a nice weekend!

Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/uhiaas

----------------------------------------------------------------------

The remainder of this email is for those of you that are interested in
the nitty-gritty, technical details about the problems.

The networking limitation is related to IPv6, specifically to the
amount of IPv6 routes that the router hardware supports. The routers
operate with two limits: "IPv4/IPv6 entries" with a maximum of 16284,
and "Long IPv6 entries" with a maximum of 256. The latter was unknown
to us until recently, and applies to IPv6 routes where the prefix is
longer than 64 bits. In our case, since we're creating host routes to
individual instances, the prefix is 128.

The implication is that new instances, with either the dualstack or
the IPv6-only network options, will not work properly if this limit is
exceeded. Any instances that use the old IPv4-only network do not have
this problem and are not affected.

The networking hardware is getting dated and was slated for
replacement regardless of these problems, but obviously we had to
expedite the process.

Best Regards,
--
The UH-IaaS team
http://docs.uh-iaas.no/
